#Creator - Dalton De Souza

Right at the top of the file is eveything that needs to be imported from other
files for the bot to run correctly

The next part is the authentication and the api keys. These keys are unique to
every account. If you want to generate your own keys, then you will have to
do the same on the twitter developers page.

myBot is the name of the owner's account object. In this case the owner is @DaltonBoltTest
bolt contains the user object of @boltiot

We start by printing the owner's username(screen name) and the number of followers the account
has. This is done by using the myBot object.

We then loop through the followers of the account and display their screen names.
exceptions are handled in the try: block

Similarly we loop through all the accounts the owner is following and display them.

The next part of the code involves searching for tweets containing "#IoT". This
will loop through the latest comments with the search phrase and will "favourite" the
tweet if it hasn't already been done.

I have limited the number of tweets to be searched to 40 with a 6 second interval between them
This is to avoid any potential violations of Twitter's terms of use policy.

class listener is a stream listener. It monitor's the target's twitter feed for new tweets.
The target account has been set using this line of code
	-> streaming_api.filter(follow=['458269836'])

The number here is the account id of the twitter user. In this case, the acccount id of
@boltiot. This id is fetched in the line
	-> handle = bolt.id;



As Twitter only allows for 1 stream per instance, I have used the stream to monitor the
Twitter feed of @boltiot.Every time a new tweet is posted while the bot is running, it will
automatically "favourite" that tweet.

Assumptions made:
1) Limited the amount of "favourite" on tweets containing #IoT to 40. These 40 will be liked only
   when the bot is started.

2) Not Considering tweets from @boltiot that were sent out while the bot was turned off.